well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so to everybody's surprise today the
president admitted
that bob woodward's releases are true
i mean it'd be hard for him to deny it
they're on tape
but i mean i think a whole lot of us
were expecting him to deny it anyway
but he admitted it he admitted that he
was downplaying all of this
i mean he spun it tried to i don't think
it
resonated with many people but he tried
to spin it in his own way
so that he didn't want to frighten
people
what he actually said
well i think if you said in order to
reduce panic
perhaps that so the fact is i'm a
cheerleader for this country
i love our country and i don't want
people to be frightened
i don't want to create a panic says the
guy who on december 18th of 2019
tweeted out well they're not after me
they're after you
who's they we don't know just something
to be afraid of
some mythical creature some mythical
enemy
this is a man who fear-mongered so much
the american people are building a wall
on the southern border and locking up
toddlers over caravans that have been
coming for years
had people afraid of bathrooms said the
suburbs were going to be destroyed
there's the deep state out to get them
shadowy dark forces
the stock market's going to crash if he
doesn't get reelected
cities are going to burn because biden's
going to defund the police
and the american dream will be destroyed
by low-income housing
sounds like he wants to frighten people
so what's the difference
what is the difference between all of
this
and the public health issue he was faced
with
public health things real
the president showed himself to be just
like every other want to be tough guy
talking about what they do in a certain
situation
yeah it's real easy to be tough and talk
tough
when your opposition is imagined when
it's something you've just
willed out of thin air
when there's nothing to be afraid of
when there is no reasonable fear
he assumed the american people would
panic because he did
because he actually had a test he heard
the information realized how bad it
could be
didn't know what to do and he froze
fight flight or freeze mr tough guy
president when he was faced with a
challenge
froze just like every other want to be
tough guy
out there and because
he couldn't handle it because he
couldn't find the courage to lead
he assumed the american people would
panic as well
and because of his indecisiveness
we lost a lot
he heard that information couldn't find
the courage to fight
didn't have the decency to flee and
resign
he just froze
almost two hundred thousand gone because
of his indecisiveness
i think it's gonna be real hard to spend
this
the reality is after he knew
and had a full understanding of what was
going on
he went out there and told people there
was nothing to worry about
go on about your day because he panicked
because he was worried that unlike these
things that he's more than willing to
fearmonger about
well this one might hurt him might hurt
his poll numbers he's not a cheerleader
for the country a cheerleader for the
country would have gone out there and
said hey
this is going to be bad but we got to
get through it
we're going to have to shut down we're
going to have to wear masks we're in for
a long ride
instead of just saying oh it's going to
magically disappear
like the caravans did once they had
served their usefulness
once he couldn't scare people with it
anymore
the president's whole mo is
fear-mongering
and creating panic
i find it very hard to believe that he
chose not to do it here
he didn't choose a biological response
he froze like every other wannabe tough
guy
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night